Desserts/Chocolate Coconut Balls.md, before:

# Chocolate Coconut Balls

## Modified From:
[Healthy Bounty Balls](https://nutriciously.com/bounty-bliss-balls/).  This recipe is really tasty but is confusingly written so I rewrote it here.

## Yield:
12-14 balls

## Ingredients:

### Filling:
- 2 cups (160 g) shredded coconut
- 1 cup (240 g) coconut milk
- 1 tsp agave syrup
- 4 tsp white sugar (or 2 stevia packets)
- 0.25 tsp almond extract

### For assembly:
- ~24 hazelnuts
- 1/2 cup vegan dark chocolate chips
- 1/4 cup rice milk (or can probably use another milk like oat milk)
- 1/4 cup shredded coconut

## Directions
First, add all the filling ingredients to a blender or food processor and pulse on medium speed 3-5 times.  You want to blend everything together but you should still see individual pieces of coconut.

Then scoop the filling out of the blender into a covered container and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.  Mixture should be thickened.

When you're ready to create the balls, prepare a large plate covered with parchment paper.  Use an ice cream scoop or dough scoop to form ~1" diameter balls of filling.  Press one or two hazelnuts into the center of each ball and drop onto the plate.  Put the plate into the freezer for at least 20 minutes to firm up the outside of each ball.

Meanwhile, place the chocolate and rice milk into a bowl and microwave for ~90 seconds, stirring every 30 seconds.  This will melt the chocolate and get it ready for coating.

Once the balls are very firm, remove the plate from the freezer.  Use an ice cream scoop or dough scoop to roll them in the chocolate and coat them (you probably don't want use your fingers, it's hot and it will get messy).  Drop the coated balls back onto the plate.

Finally, put the plate in the fridge for at least an hour to allow the chocolate to set.  If you're impatient, you can also put it in the freezer for 30 min or so to get it to set faster...

Balls can be stored in the fridge for up to a week.

Commit message:

Add picture and make a few corrections

Desserts/Chocolate Coconut Balls.md, after:

# Chocolate Coconut Balls

![Bounty Ball picture](https://nutriciously.com/wp-content/uploads/Coconut-Bounty-Bliss-Balls-by-Nutriciously-Featured-Image.jpg)

Similar to Bounty candy bars, these candy balls are made with a swet coconut filling and a delicious chocolate exterior.  Using vegan chocolate and coconut milk makes these candies completely vegan.

## Modified From:
[Healthy Bounty Balls](https://nutriciously.com/bounty-bliss-balls/).  This recipe is really tasty but is confusingly written so I rewrote it here.

## Yield:
12-14 balls

## Ingredients:

### Filling:
- 2 cups (160 g) unsweetened shredded coconut.  Sweetened will also work but you should reduce the sugar amount.
- 1 cup (240 g) coconut milk
- 1 tsp agave syrup
- 4 tsp white sugar (or 2 stevia packets)
- 0.25 tsp almond extract

### For assembly:
- ~24 hazelnuts
- 1/2 cup vegan dark chocolate chips
- 1/4 cup rice milk (or can probably use another milk like oat milk)
- 1/4 cup shredded coconut

## Directions
First, add all the filling ingredients to a blender or food processor and pulse on medium speed 3-5 times.  You want to blend everything together but you should still see individual pieces of coconut.

Then scoop the filling out of the blender into a covered container and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.  Mixture should be thickened.

When you're ready to create the balls, prepare a large plate covered with parchment paper.  Use an ice cream scoop or dough scoop to form ~1" diameter balls of filling.  Press one or two hazelnuts into the center of each ball and drop onto the plate.  Put the plate into the freezer for at least 20 minutes to firm up the outside of each ball.

Meanwhile, place the chocolate and rice milk into a bowl and microwave for ~90 seconds, stirring every 30 seconds.  This will melt the chocolate and get it ready for coating.  You're going for a relatively thin liquid -- depending on your chocolate, you might need to add a bit more liquid to get the consistency right.

Once the balls are very firm, remove the plate from the freezer.  Use an ice cream scoop or dough scoop to roll them in the chocolate and coat them (you probably don't want use your fingers, it's hot and it will get messy).  Drop the coated balls back onto the plate.  Sprinkle a bit more shredded coconut on top.

Finally, put the plate in the fridge for at least an hour to allow the chocolate to set.  If you're impatient, you can also put it in the freezer for 30 min or so to get it to set faster...

Balls can be stored in the fridge for up to a week.
