Fake Meat Recipe Rankings.md, before:

# Recipe Rankings for _Fake Meat_ by Isa Chandra Moscowitz

As a longtime fan of Isa's work, I can say that _Fake Meat_ is probably her most ambitious cookbook.  In this 320-page tome, she tries to provide vegan versions of a number of traditional meat-based dishes, from a variety of cuisines.  Many of these recipes are complex, and they often use advanced cooking and baking techniques to try and replicate the texture and flavor of meat and dairy. 

In my opinion, after testing quite a few of these recipes, the results are... often good, but not always.  Some of them work marvelously, while others I've tried have been something of a dud.  In this page, I will provide my notes on which ones I liked the best and which ones I'd recomment skipping.

Note: I should mention, I have been vegetarian my whole life, so in some ways I'm not the intended audience of this book -- I can't compare these recipes to real meat.  However, my GF does eat meat, so I will include the thoughts of her and other "beta testers" when applicable.  And just because I don't eat meat doesn't mean I don't know what gives a dish fillingness and meaty flavor!

# Fake Meats
This book uses certain fake meats in multiple recipes. I'll review the meats themselves here first, before I talk about the actual recipes.

| Name | Rank | Times Made | Comments | Tips |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Roast Turki | A- | 1 | Seemed decent, but need to test more. | |
| Beefy Seitan | A | Many | A solid, dependable seitan recipe. Not everyone loves it, but I have surprised a number of meat eaters with this one! | Buy red miso in bulk -- you will need it! |
| Pulled Porq | A | 2 | Really interesting variant of seitan with a bit of spice to it. Good for mexican-style dishes but also works weirdly well in stir fries. | The dough is VERY stringy; I blew the breaker in my Vitamix the first time I made this. Use a food processor! |
| DAD Chicken-y Tofu | D | 1 | I really could not get this one to work.  The breading just didn't stick, and inside is just unflavored tofu, which I am not the biggest fan of. | I had slighly more luck cooking for longer at lower temperatures. |
| Pull-Apart Seitan Chick'n | C | 2 | This recipe might be the biggest disappointment of this entire cookbook.  With how much space is dedicated to explaining it, and how many recipes use it, I had high expectations. However, while it really is pull-apart, in a super interesting way, it has NO flavor of its own.  I know that chicken isn't supposed to be super flavorful, but it just felt like it led to super bland bits being mixed into every recipe that used it.  Meanwhile, my GF did not care for the texture at all.  For now, I'd recommend [this recipe](https://fullofplants.com/the-best-vegan-chickn/) for a much more convincing fake chick'n. | |
| Bangers (fake British sausages) | B | 1 | When I made these, the flavor was good, but they were a bit too watery (esp. in stew!). I feel like I should give it another shot though. | |
| Trumpet Mushroom Bacon | B- | 1 | This does work, and the smoked mushrooms have a super rich flavor and unique crunchiness. However, it's a LOT of work for not much food, at the end of the day. The inefficiency just bothers me.| |
| Ribbony Seitan Bacon | A+ | 1 | These were delicious, and a lot closer to the fake bacon I grew up eating. They're also a bit more filling than the mushroom ones.  How does it taste to meat eaters? Still don't know, I basically ate all of it myself. The idea of mixing two different seitan doughs is brilliant, and the flavor (I used a smoker and smoked paprika) is on point. | The seitan dough came out _very_ watery for me, and I had to add quite a bit of vital wheat gluten before it was possible to roll it out with a rolling pin. After that, it worked fine. |
| Pantry Mushroom Bacon | B | 1 | The easiest fake bacon but also the least fancy. As they are pretty set and forget, it's easy to make some of these to throw in salad or a sandwich while working on something else. | This recipe is pretty slow; it took my oven upwards of 45 min instead of the claimed 30 min. |
| MVP Meat (lentil + TVP meat filling) | A | Many | This isn't too flavorful by itself, but it doesn't have to be. It's intended as a filling for pastas and lasagnas, where its crunchy walnut bits and meaty aftertaste lend some heft to whatever it's folded into. | |

# Fake Dairy

While this cookbook puts fake meat font and center, vegan cheeses and creams are also major components of many dishes. Frankly, these recipes surprised me -- I had never made fake cheese before getting this cookbook, and I was pretty surprised at the quality you could get from simple home recipes.  While some of the fake cheeses turned out a bit disappointing, other recipes have become staples in my kitchen!

| Name | Rank | Times Made | Comments | Tips |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Cream Cheeze Dreamz | A | Many | A tasty dip, great on crackers and bagels!  Maybe slightly less convincing than storebought fake cream cheese, but it makes up for it in the flavor department! | This takes a while to blend/food process as it's quite soft. |
| Fresh Moz-Shrew-Rella | A | Many | Bland, esp. before going into the brine, but very tasty. | I use a variant of this recipe as pizza cheese! |
| Nutty Ricotta | B | 1 | The most bland cheese of the bunch, but the texture is pretty convincing.  My GF loves this one! | Add a LOT more salt, like 1 tsp instead of 1/4tsp. |
| Shreddy Cheddy | A | Many | Combining miso, apple cider vinegar, and nutritional yeast produces a more convincing cheddar flavor than anything I had made before. Quite tasty! Though, once it solidifies, it doesn't really melt the way real cheese does. | You can make a cheese sauce by just doing step 1 of the recipe. |
| Faux Feta | C | 2 | As a feta cheese lover,  I was excited for this one, but I could not get it to really work.  It has a nasty habit of burning when being cooked and has a persistent almond flavor.  The texture is pretty decent though. | Add more water to get it to actually blend, though even then you'll probably be spending the better part of 10 minutes blending.  Heat on VERY low heat. |
| So Very Sour Cream | D | 2 | Just... no. I was excited to find a way to make my own fake sour cream, but this is NOT it. Way too lemony and nowhere near creamy enough. | |

# Main Dishes
Now for the actual dishes!  I'll cover all the ones I have made, chapter by chapter.

## Ch 1: Iconic Sandwiches
| Name | Rank | Times Made | Comments | Tips |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Twenty First Century Seitan Burgers | C | 1 | I did NOT care for the texture of this one at all. It came out rather slimy and chewy.  Yes, it has a lot more integrity than most veggie burgers, but it has tough competition in the form of Impossible/Beyond Meat, and it does not measure up. | |
| Classic Lentil-Beet Burgers | A | 2 | The polar opposite of the previous recipe, this veggie burger is tough to work with on the stove but has a complex, crunchy texture (thanks to walnuts and a charrable outer layer) and a delicious flavor.  Not only is it healthier, but it gives me complex veggie flavors that an impossible burger does not have. | If you try to make a full size burger patty, these will probably fall apart on you.  I make half size sliders and shape them as they cook with the spatula, and everything works great! |
| Five-Spice Burnt Ends Tacos | C | 1 | The first recipe I made from this book, and it was kind of a disappointment. It was a while ago but I remember it just didn't have the flavor I was hoping for. | |
| Por Que Pulled Pork Tortas | S | 2 (but I have made the beans a LOT) | Quickly becoming one of my favorite sandwich recipes, especially for large meals. Everything works together well, but the biggest star is the REFRIED BEANS recipe. I'm not sure better beans exist on Earth. | |

## Ch 2: Salads, Spreads, and Cold Stuff
| Name | Rank | Times Made | Comments | Tips |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Super Classic Chick'n Caesar Salad | B+ | Many | Disregarding the tofu chick'n recipe discussed (and disliked) earlier, this recipe has a lot of potential. In particular, the caesar dressing is delicious and will give any storebought dressing a run for its money. | I usually make this with just lettuce, carrots, storebought fake chicken, and the dressing. |
| Pineapple Ceviche | C | 1 | I'm not an enjoyer of fishy smells/tastes, and that was probably a factor here, but this was the only recipe from this book that I actually could not eat. It just tasted terrible due the oyster mushroom fishiness. The only reason I'm not giving it a worse score was that my friend at work, who does eat meat, said it was serviceable to him. | |
| Picnic Perfect Chick'n Salad | A | 1 | This is really a nice side dish! It has a good combination of TVP texture, creaminess from the mayo, and veggie flavors. | |

## Ch 3: Chick'n Dinners for Weeknights and Weekends
| Name | Rank | Times Made | Comments | Tips |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Spanish Chick'n and Rice | S | Many | A deceptively simple dish that achieves something complex through the use of simple flavors.  You'd be surprised how far this dish gets using dashes of paprika, kalmata olives, lemon juice, and tomatoes.  As a consummate olive lover I never stood a chance. | I love to swap the rice for parboiled rice, which is more nutritious and just as delicious. If doing this, add another 3/8 cup of broth. |
| Sweet-ish and Sour Chicken | B | 1 | Meh. It's fine, but I can't really recommend it after making the sweet and sour tofu recipe from _The Vegan Chinese Kitchen_, which is so much more like the restaurant sweet and sour I know and love. It doesn't help that Isa's chicken has no flavor of its own to add. | |
| Big Hugs Chick'n and Rice Soup | S | 3 | Quickly becoming one of my favorite soup recipes -- fake chicken broth and dill make a pretty killer combo. Still good even with Isa's chicken but I like it even better with storebought. | I can't really have a veggie soup without potatoes, so I added in 0.75lb chopped unpeeled potatoes.  Also, this is another great parboiled rice recipe! |

## Ch 4: Comforting Beef Stews
| Name | Rank | Times Made | Comments | Tips |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Rogan Josh | S | 2 | Not to be confused with a certain controversial podcaster, this is an extremely flavorful Indian-style curry with meaty seitan pieces and a cool coconut cucumber sauce on top. | One of the more labor intensive recipes in this book, but very worth it! |
| Tempeh is For Lovers Chili Con Carne | S | 3 | Takes the crown as Isa's best chili recipe, and my personal favorite. Tons of flavor, and fake cheddar and (storebought!) fake sour cream give it a delicious creaminess. | I generally describe it as a "soybean chili" when people ask what it is. |
| Irish Beef Stew | A | 2 | A solid veggie and sausage stew. The beer adds a complex flavor! The broth starts out very bitter but mellows out after being cooked for a while. | I made this with guiness, which is a type of stout (which I did NOT know until I asked my coworkers). |
| Lasagna Boglonese Stew | A | 1 | It's good!  Definitely tastes like lasagna, while being a bit less work. | I feel like black olives are a bit wrong for this recipe, I would either use less than she says, or use kalamata. |
| Tempeh Larb | A+ | 2 | There's a restaurant in San Diego that has stellar vegan larb that I grew up eating, and this is different but _almost_ as good. The rice powder indeed adds a super unique flavor and texture, and the sauce has just a hint of fishiness without being overpowering. | This works great as an appetizer at events! |

## Ch 5: Pasta and Noodles
| Name | Rank | Times Made | Comments | Tips |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Meatball and Spaghetti Night | A+ | 3 | Outside of fancy italian restaurants, this is likely the best marinara pasta and the best meatballs I've ever had. The sauce is fresh and the meatballs have a TON of flavor. However, it is truly an undertaking to make. This is a dish you make because you like to cook, not because you want to be efficient. | You have to be careful not to crisp up the outside of the meatballs before the insides are cooked. To that end, keep the heat low until the last 15 min of cooking them, then you can turn it up.  Also, to get the meatballs to actually be circular, you need to roll them around in the pan, which means you need to have space.  This meant that I have only been able to cook 0.5 batch at a time in a normal size pan.  So, you either need two pans, or you need twice as long as you'd think to cook them.  That's a lot of time to spend stirring around meatballs! |
| Scallop Drunken Noodles | A | 1 | I had to emergency remake the sauce after making it the first time, using only 1/8 the amount of kelp powder. That got the fishiness much more under control. After that, I ended up with a very tasty, if a little unconventional, drunken noodle dish. As a fake meat, I quite liked the trumpet mushroom scallops! | Isa forgot to say where to add the TVP into the dish.  I added it at step 7. |
| Curry Udon with Potato and Chick'n | B+ | 1 | An interesting fusion of curry and ramen. I like the flavors here, and the potatoes came out delish, but it came out a little dry and bland when I made it as written, as the noodles absorbed a lot of the liquid.  Splashing on some Chinese soy sauce, hot sauce, and lime juice improved it greatly. | Next time, I think I will double the broth recipe.  Also, I would seriously consider using actual yellow curry paste here instead of curry powder for a more complex flavor. |
| Cacio E Pepe E Salsiccia | B- | 1 | Meh. It was fine but very one note -- kinda just tastes like nutritional yeast and pepper. There are better pasta recipes out there, many of them by Isa herself! | |
| Pasta Carbonara | A | 1 | As I have not eaten eggs in years, the smell of this one caught me off guard -- it was much eggier than I expected (first time using kala namak). However, the flavor is perfectly balanced, and is much different than it smells. The sauce is incredibly creamy, and I really would have doubted it was vegan if someone had served it to me! | Goes great with the seitan bacon. |
| Beefy Mushroom Stroganoff | B- | 1 | Made this one for a family dinner, and it was serviceable, but a bit disappointing. Why? Because Isa actually has a better stroganoff recipe in her previous cookbook _Isa Does It_ which has been a family favorite for years, and we couldn't not compare the two. We usually make that one with broiled tofu, and it adds a crunch that this one lacks. |
| Meaty Shells in Fresh Tomato Sauce with Feta and Mint | A- | 1 | This one somewhat divided me and my GF. I thought it was rather bland, especially compared to the meatball and spagetti recipe, but she absolutely LOVED it.  But we can both agree that tomato sauce, MVP Meat, fake cheese, and a dash of mint make a tasty pasta! | You can use canned tomatoes for this; I would recommend 60oz canned diced. |

## Ch 6: Small Things Including Wings
| Name | Rank | Times Made | Comments | Tips |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Peanut Lime Tempeh Wings | A+ | Peanut sauce is delicious. Fried, crispy tempeh is also delicious. Combine the two, and you get... even more deliciousness! This is an appetizer that will not disappoint any peanut butter lovers in the crowd. | If using sugary peanut butter (e.g. Skippy or Jif), cut the agave syrup in half and only add more if it needs it. |

## Ch 7: Centerpieces and Showstoppers
| Name | Rank | Times Made | Comments | Tips |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Stuffed Faux Turki Roast | A | 3 | I made this for two thanksgiving events in one year, and it held up! Omnivores seemed happy with it.  It's at least as rich and flavorful as a tofurkey roast, and the delicious stuffing rolled inside takes it to the next level. I just wish I could find a vegan gravy I liked to serve it with... | This recipe uses 50% of the chickpeas and 100% of the liquid from one standard can.  So don't think you can also make aquafaba cookies! |
| Jack's BBQ Seitan Ribs | A | 1 | It was tasty, but I made this one a while ago.  Need to make it again! | One recipe BBQ sauce is enough for a double batch of ribs.  I wish the book made this clearer... |
| Meat Lovers' Pinwheel Lasagna | S | 2 | This recipe has been a hit with everyone who's tried it. It's the perfect combination of lentil meat, fake cheese, noodles, and tomato sauce. I can't really improve on it in any way. My GF much prefers ricotta over mozzarella, but that's an easy subsitution to make as both are available in this cookbook! | Despite what it says, you can totally make this as a regular lasagna as well -- just cook the noodles according to package directions and layer in the usual fashion. You might need more tomato sauce though... |

Commit message:

Oops I was thinking of lentil walnut meat

Fake Meat Recipe Rankings.md, after:

# Recipe Rankings for _Fake Meat_ by Isa Chandra Moscowitz

As a longtime fan of Isa's work, I can say that _Fake Meat_ is probably her most ambitious cookbook.  In this 320-page tome, she tries to provide vegan versions of a number of traditional meat-based dishes, from a variety of cuisines.  Many of these recipes are complex, and they often use advanced cooking and baking techniques to try and replicate the texture and flavor of meat and dairy.

Unfortunately, with higher ambitions came... less consistent results.  I have tested quite a lot of these recipes; at least a third of everything in the cookbook.  Some have been stellar!  Others have some parts of the recipe which are stellar, and other parts that are less so.  And still others... I'd recommend skipping.  In the hope that it will be useful to others, I'm publishing my experiences here.

Note: I should mention, I have been vegetarian my whole life, so in some ways I'm not the intended audience of this book -- I can't compare these recipes to real meat.  However, my GF does eat meat, so I will include the thoughts of her and other "beta testers" when applicable.  And just because I don't eat meat doesn't mean I don't know what gives a dish fillingness and meaty flavor!

# Fake Meats
This book uses certain fake meats in multiple recipes. I'll review the meats themselves here first, before I talk about the actual recipes.

| Name | Rank | Times Made | Comments | Tips |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Roast Turki | A- | 1 | Seemed decent, but need to test more. | |
| Beefy Seitan | A | Many | A solid, dependable seitan recipe. Not everyone loves it, but I have surprised a number of meat eaters with this one! | Buy red miso in bulk -- you will need it! |
| Pulled Porq | A | 2 | Really interesting variant of seitan with a bit of spice to it. Good for mexican-style dishes but also works weirdly well in stir fries. | The dough is VERY stringy; I blew the breaker in my Vitamix the first time I made this. Use a food processor! |
| DAD Chicken-y Tofu | D | 1 | I really could not get this one to work.  The breading just didn't stick, and inside is just unflavored tofu, which I am not the biggest fan of. | I had slighly more luck cooking for longer at lower temperatures. |
| Pull-Apart Seitan Chick'n | C | 2 | This recipe might be the biggest disappointment of this entire cookbook.  With how much space is dedicated to explaining it, and how many recipes use it, I had high expectations. However, while it really is pull-apart, in a super interesting way, it has NO flavor of its own.  I know that chicken isn't supposed to be super flavorful, but it just felt like it led to super bland bits being mixed into every recipe that used it.  Meanwhile, my GF did not care for the texture at all.  For now, I'd recommend [this recipe](https://fullofplants.com/the-best-vegan-chickn/) for a much more convincing fake chick'n. | |
| Bangers (fake British sausages) | B | 1 | When I made these, the flavor was good, but they were a bit too watery (esp. in stew!). I feel like I should give it another shot though. | |
| Trumpet Mushroom Bacon | B- | 1 | This does work, and the smoked mushrooms have a super rich flavor and unique crunchiness. However, it's a LOT of work for not much food, at the end of the day. The inefficiency just bothers me.| |
| Ribbony Seitan Bacon | A+ | 1 | These were delicious, and a lot closer to the fake bacon I grew up eating. They're also a bit more filling than the mushroom ones.  How does it taste to meat eaters? Still don't know, I basically ate all of it myself. The idea of mixing two different seitan doughs is brilliant, and the flavor (I used a smoker and smoked paprika) is on point. | The seitan dough came out _very_ watery for me, and I had to add quite a bit of vital wheat gluten before it was possible to roll it out with a rolling pin. After that, it worked fine. |
| Pantry Mushroom Bacon | B | 1 | The easiest fake bacon but also the least fancy. As they are pretty set and forget, it's easy to make some of these to throw in salad or a sandwich while working on something else. | This recipe is pretty slow; it took my oven upwards of 45 min instead of the claimed 30 min. |

# Fake Dairy

While this cookbook puts fake meat font and center, vegan cheeses and creams are also major components of many dishes. Frankly, these recipes surprised me -- I had never made fake cheese before getting this cookbook, and I was pretty surprised at the quality you could get from simple home recipes.  While some of the fake cheeses turned out a bit disappointing, other recipes have become staples in my kitchen!

| Name | Rank | Times Made | Comments | Tips |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Cream Cheeze Dreamz | A | Many | A tasty dip, great on crackers and bagels!  Maybe slightly less convincing than storebought fake cream cheese, but it makes up for it in the flavor department! | This takes a while to blend/food process as it's quite soft. |
| Fresh Moz-Shrew-Rella | A | Many | Bland, esp. before going into the brine, but very tasty. | I use a variant of this recipe as pizza cheese! |
| Nutty Ricotta | B | 1 | The most bland cheese of the bunch, but the texture is pretty convincing.  My GF loves this one! | Add a LOT more salt, like 1 tsp instead of 1/4tsp. |
| Shreddy Cheddy | A | Many | Combining miso, apple cider vinegar, and nutritional yeast produces a more convincing cheddar flavor than anything I had made before. Quite tasty! Though, once it solidifies, it doesn't really melt the way real cheese does. | You can make a cheese sauce by just doing step 1 of the recipe. |
| Faux Feta | C | 2 | As a feta cheese lover,  I was excited for this one, but I could not get it to really work.  It has a nasty habit of burning when being cooked and has a persistent almond flavor.  The texture is pretty decent though. | Add more water to get it to actually blend, though even then you'll probably be spending the better part of 10 minutes blending.  Heat on VERY low heat. |
| So Very Sour Cream | D | 2 | Just... no. I was excited to find a way to make my own fake sour cream, but this is NOT it. Way too lemony and nowhere near creamy enough. | |

# Main Dishes
Now for the actual dishes!  I'll cover all the ones I have made, chapter by chapter.

## Ch 1: Iconic Sandwiches
| Name | Rank | Times Made | Comments | Tips |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Twenty First Century Seitan Burgers | C | 1 | I did NOT care for the texture of this one at all. It came out rather slimy and chewy.  Yes, it has a lot more integrity than most veggie burgers, but it has tough competition in the form of Impossible/Beyond Meat, and it does not measure up. | |
| Classic Lentil-Beet Burgers | A | 2 | The polar opposite of the previous recipe, this veggie burger is tough to work with on the stove but has a complex, crunchy texture (thanks to walnuts and a charrable outer layer) and a delicious flavor.  Not only is it healthier, but it gives me complex veggie flavors that an impossible burger does not have. | If you try to make a full size burger patty, these will probably fall apart on you.  I make half size sliders and shape them as they cook with the spatula, and everything works great! |
| Five-Spice Burnt Ends Tacos | C | 1 | The first recipe I made from this book, and it was kind of a disappointment. It was a while ago but I remember it just didn't have the flavor I was hoping for. | |
| Por Que Pulled Pork Tortas | S | 2 (but I have made the beans a LOT) | Quickly becoming one of my favorite sandwich recipes, especially for large meals. Everything works together well, but the biggest star is the REFRIED BEANS recipe. I'm not sure better beans exist on Earth. | |

## Ch 2: Salads, Spreads, and Cold Stuff
| Name | Rank | Times Made | Comments | Tips |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Super Classic Chick'n Caesar Salad | B+ | Many | Disregarding the tofu chick'n recipe discussed (and disliked) earlier, this recipe has a lot of potential. In particular, the caesar dressing is delicious and will give any storebought dressing a run for its money. | I usually make this with just lettuce, carrots, storebought fake chicken, and the dressing. |
| Pineapple Ceviche | C | 1 | I'm not an enjoyer of fishy smells/tastes, and that was probably a factor here, but this was the only recipe from this book that I actually could not eat. It just tasted terrible due the oyster mushroom fishiness. The only reason I'm not giving it a worse score was that my friend at work, who does eat meat, said it was serviceable to him. | |
| Picnic Perfect Chick'n Salad | A | 1 | This is really a nice side dish! It has a good combination of TVP texture, creaminess from the mayo, and veggie flavors. | |

## Ch 3: Chick'n Dinners for Weeknights and Weekends
| Name | Rank | Times Made | Comments | Tips |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Spanish Chick'n and Rice | S | Many | A deceptively simple dish that achieves something complex through the use of simple flavors.  You'd be surprised how far this dish gets using dashes of paprika, kalmata olives, lemon juice, and tomatoes.  As a consummate olive lover I never stood a chance. | I love to swap the rice for parboiled rice, which is more nutritious and just as delicious. If doing this, add another 3/8 cup of broth. |
| Sweet-ish and Sour Chicken | B | 1 | Meh. It's fine, but I can't really recommend it after making the sweet and sour tofu recipe from _The Vegan Chinese Kitchen_, which is so much more like the restaurant sweet and sour I know and love. It doesn't help that Isa's chicken has no flavor of its own to add. | |
| Big Hugs Chick'n and Rice Soup | S | 3 | Quickly becoming one of my favorite soup recipes -- fake chicken broth and dill make a pretty killer combo. Still good even with Isa's chicken but I like it even better with storebought. | I can't really have a veggie soup without potatoes, so I added in 0.75lb chopped unpeeled potatoes.  Also, this is another great parboiled rice recipe! |

## Ch 4: Comforting Beef Stews
| Name | Rank | Times Made | Comments | Tips |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Rogan Josh | S | 2 | Not to be confused with a certain controversial podcaster, this is an extremely flavorful Indian-style curry with meaty seitan pieces and a cool coconut cucumber sauce on top. | One of the more labor intensive recipes in this book, but very worth it! |
| Tempeh is For Lovers Chili Con Carne | S | 3 | Takes the crown as Isa's best chili recipe, and my personal favorite. Tons of flavor, and fake cheddar and (storebought!) fake sour cream give it a delicious creaminess. | I generally describe it as a "soybean chili" when people ask what it is. |
| Irish Beef Stew | A | 2 | A solid veggie and sausage stew. The beer adds a complex flavor! The broth starts out very bitter but mellows out after being cooked for a while. | I made this with guiness, which is a type of stout (which I did NOT know until I asked my coworkers). |
| Lasagna Boglonese Stew | A | 1 | It's good!  Definitely tastes like lasagna, while being a bit less work. | I feel like black olives are a bit wrong for this recipe, I would either use less than she says, or use kalamata. |
| Tempeh Larb | A+ | 2 | There's a restaurant in San Diego that has stellar vegan larb that I grew up eating, and this is different but _almost_ as good. The rice powder indeed adds a super unique flavor and texture, and the sauce has just a hint of fishiness without being overpowering. | This works great as an appetizer at events! |

## Ch 5: Pasta and Noodles
| Name | Rank | Times Made | Comments | Tips |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Meatball and Spaghetti Night | A+ | 3 | Outside of fancy italian restaurants, this is likely the best marinara pasta and the best meatballs I've ever had. The sauce is fresh and the meatballs have a TON of flavor. However, it is truly an undertaking to make. This is a dish you make because you like to cook, not because you want to be efficient. | You have to be careful not to crisp up the outside of the meatballs before the insides are cooked. To that end, keep the heat low until the last 15 min of cooking them, then you can turn it up.  Also, to get the meatballs to actually be circular, you need to roll them around in the pan, which means you need to have space.  This meant that I have only been able to cook 0.5 batch at a time in a normal size pan.  So, you either need two pans, or you need twice as long as you'd think to cook them.  That's a lot of time to spend stirring around meatballs! |
| Scallop Drunken Noodles | A | 1 | I had to emergency remake the sauce after making it the first time, using only 1/8 the amount of kelp powder. That got the fishiness much more under control. After that, I ended up with a very tasty, if a little unconventional, drunken noodle dish. As a fake meat, I quite liked the trumpet mushroom scallops! | Isa forgot to say where to add the TVP into the dish.  I added it at step 7. |
| Curry Udon with Potato and Chick'n | B+ | 1 | An interesting fusion of curry and ramen. I like the flavors here, and the potatoes came out delish, but it came out a little dry and bland when I made it as written, as the noodles absorbed a lot of the liquid.  Splashing on some Chinese soy sauce, hot sauce, and lime juice improved it greatly. | Next time, I think I will double the broth recipe.  Also, I would seriously consider using actual yellow curry paste here instead of curry powder for a more complex flavor. |
| Cacio E Pepe E Salsiccia | B- | 1 | Meh. It was fine but very one note -- kinda just tastes like nutritional yeast and pepper. There are better pasta recipes out there, many of them by Isa herself! | |
| Pasta Carbonara | A | 1 | As I have not eaten eggs in years, the smell of this one caught me off guard -- it was much eggier than I expected (first time using kala namak). However, the flavor is perfectly balanced, and is much different than it smells. The sauce is incredibly creamy, and I really would have doubted it was vegan if someone had served it to me! | Goes great with the seitan bacon. |
| Beefy Mushroom Stroganoff | B- | 1 | Made this one for a family dinner, and it was serviceable, but a bit disappointing. Why? Because Isa actually has a better stroganoff recipe in her previous cookbook _Isa Does It_ which has been a family favorite for years, and we couldn't not compare the two. We usually make that one with broiled tofu, and it adds a crunch that this one lacks. |
| Meaty Shells in Fresh Tomato Sauce with Feta and Mint | A- | 1 | This one somewhat divided me and my GF. I thought it was rather bland, especially compared to the meatball and spagetti recipe, but she absolutely LOVED it.  But we can both agree that tomato sauce, MVP Meat, fake cheese, and a dash of mint make a tasty pasta! | You can use canned tomatoes for this; I would recommend 60oz canned diced. |

## Ch 6: Small Things Including Wings
| Name | Rank | Times Made | Comments | Tips |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Peanut Lime Tempeh Wings | A+ | Peanut sauce is delicious. Fried, crispy tempeh is also delicious. Combine the two, and you get... even more deliciousness! This is an appetizer that will not disappoint any peanut butter lovers in the crowd. | If using sugary peanut butter (e.g. Skippy or Jif), cut the agave syrup in half and only add more if it needs it. |

## Ch 7: Centerpieces and Showstoppers
| Name | Rank | Times Made | Comments | Tips |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Stuffed Faux Turki Roast | A | 3 | I made this for two thanksgiving events in one year, and it held up! Omnivores seemed happy with it.  It's at least as rich and flavorful as a tofurkey roast, and the delicious stuffing rolled inside takes it to the next level. I just wish I could find a vegan gravy I liked to serve it with... | This recipe uses 50% of the chickpeas and 100% of the liquid from one standard can.  So don't think you can also make aquafaba cookies! |
| Jack's BBQ Seitan Ribs | A | 1 | It was tasty, but I made this one a while ago.  Need to make it again! | One recipe BBQ sauce is enough for a double batch of ribs.  I wish the book made this clearer... |
| Meat Lovers' Pinwheel Lasagna | S | 2 | This recipe has been a hit with everyone who's tried it. It's the perfect combination of lentil meat, fake cheese, noodles, and tomato sauce. I can't really improve on it in any way. My GF much prefers ricotta over mozzarella, but that's an easy subsitution to make as both are available in this cookbook! | Despite what it says, you can totally make this as a regular lasagna as well -- just cook the noodles according to package directions and layer in the usual fashion. You might need more tomato sauce though... |
