Recipe List.md, before:

# Jamie's Mega Vegan Recipe List

This page will list out the vegan recipes I've made that I recommend other people to try.  They are grouped into categories, and recipes in each category will be ranked according to both how great they taste *and* how easy they are to make.  Because it's not that I'm not willing to put effort into a recipe, but I also cook after work each day and I expect to end up with a couple servings of food each time I cook, so I don't want to waste effort!

##  Rankings

| Rank | Description |
|---|---|
| S | Recipes that transcend the realm of mortal flavor and transport you to a new dimension of fabulous taste.  Guaranteed to impress absolutely anyone. Additionally, these recipes should produce good amount of food for the time you put in.  |
| A | Recipes that are at least as good as a good restaurant.  Should impress just about anyone. |
| B | Recipes that are quite tasty and which most people should like. |
| C | Recipes which might be worth making once or twice, but didn't seem worth the effort to me and may only exist to replicate a non-vegan flavor or food. |

## Work Amounts
Using a 1-10 scale for work amounts.
- 1 means you reheat it and eat it
- 2 would be equivalent to packaged (non instant) ramen, where you boil noodles and chop up some toppings and you can be done in under 15 min.
- 5 would be something like standard stir fry or pasta, where you have to chop up some veggies and cook for an hour or so
- 8 would be something which requires making pre-recipes, managing multiple dishes at the same time, doing pastry crusts, etc.

## Servings Made
For this I will assume that the recipe is the *only* thing one is eating for a given meal, i.e. no side dishes.  This generally means my serving counts can be lower than what's printed in the cookbooks.

Note that generally doubling a recipe will increase the amount of work by around 0.5 to 1 level (since the cooking process is generally the same, you just have to chip more ingredients).

# Main Courses
## Stir Fries
I love stir fries -- they can generally be made in one pan just by adding the correct stuff in the correct order, and it's hard not to end up with something that tastes good.  The only hard part is building up your sense for how hot the pan is and how long each thing will need to cook for.  Note: For most stir fries, they will keep fine for several days in the fridge, just make sure to separate the rice with paper or a multi-compartment container.

Note that many of these stir fries use seitan as a meat substitute.  You can usually buy seitan from the store, but I recommend making it yourself if you need it in any quantities -- you'll save money and it will taste better!  Plus, if your store *doesn't* stock seitan or the prerequisite ingredients, homemade seitan uses almost entirely dry ingredients, so you can just order vital wheat gluten and the other things online no matter where you live!

| Rank | Name | Servings Made (single batch) | Amount of Work | Source | Description | Dependencies/Sides |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| S | Impossible Meat Lomo Saltado | 3 | 6 | Impossible, The Cookbook p. 101 | Savory dish which combines Asian flavors (soy sauce, rice) and Mexican elements (yellow chili paste, tomatoes, cilantro). | |
| S | Tahini Chipotle Hash Browns | 3 | 4 | Isa Does It p. 249 | Savory, spicy potatoes plus vegan sausage with an INCREDIBLY flavorful tahini miso sauce on top.  What's not to love?  (warning: make sure to decrease spice level in original recipe if you are not good with spice.  I use 1/2 the amount or less of peppers.) | |
| S | Seitan Broccoli Stir-Fry with Spicy Cashew Dressing | 2-3 | 5 (not incl. seitan) | Chloe Flavor p. 184 | This is one of the most simple & amazing seitan recipes I've ever made and is a genuine family favorite.  It uses not one but _two_ sauces - a thin, savory sauce applied directly to the seitan, and a spicy, creamy, tangy cashew sauce topping each dish.  All of this is on top of pan-fried, crispy seitan, rice, and broccoli.  I think every single person I've made this for has said it's an instant favorite.  Tip: Pan-fry the seitan first on its own for maximum crunchiness.  Tip: The cashew sauce recipe makes enough for a double batch of the stir fry. | Seitan |
| S | Isa's Everyday Pad Thai | 4-5 | 5 | Isa Does It p. 179 | This recipe is a bona fide family favorite -- my mom has literally been making it since I was a kid, and I have loved it every single time.  It isn't terribly fancy, but it hits all the notes that a Pad Thai should, with rice noodles soaking up tangy, sweet sauce and crunchy peanuts and bean sprouts on top.  Tip: Add a tablespoon or two of peanut butter to the sauce to make it even creamier. | |
| S | Panang Curry | 5 | 5 | Chloe Flavor p. 183 | As good as any restaurant curry I've had -- it turns out that peanut butter, curry powder, and coconut milk make a pretty unbeatable combination when used together in a curry, and sweet potatoes, onions, and chickpeas don't disappoint in the veggie department.  Tip: I love to add a red bell pepper in with the veggies, and throw in sauted tofu at the end. | Rice |
| S | Cajun Jambalaya | 3 | 4 | The Cajun Vegan Cookbook p. 109 | Imagine a rice pilaf, with parboiled rice and veggies.  Then make it even better, with spicy mayo sauce, fresh celery, onion, and pepper, and sauteed vegan sausages.  This is EXTREMELY easy to double/triple/quadruple when feeding lots of people. | Cali-Cajun Sauce (aka spicy mayo), Cajun Seasoning |
| A | Pad Ka-Prao | 3 | 4 | Impossible, The Cookbook p. 80 | Imagine a sort of impossible meat burger filling absolutely bursting with licorice-y thai basil flavor, served on top of rice.  That's this in a nutshell. | Rice |
| A | Indonesian Steamed Rice (Nasi Goreng) with Tofu | 4-5 | 5 | [This Repo](https://github.com/multiplemonomials/Recipes/blob/master/Main%20Courses/Nasi%20Goreng%20-%20Indonesian%20Steamed%20Rice%20with%20Tofu.md) | Sometimes you just want something light and easy on the stomach, with no spiciness and no strong flavors.  This mellow veggie stir fry manages to still be delicious while only containing gentle turmeric, sumac, and pepper flavors. | |
| A | Isa's Cast Iron Stir Fry | 3-4 | 5 | Isa Does It p. 30 | This recipe is a stir fry that typifies what I like about stir fries.  You mostly taste the veggies and rice, but they are accented by a sweet hoisin-based sauce and complimented by peanuts and avocado on top. Note: Avocado will not keep after being cut up, and has to be cut to order. | |
| A | General Tso's Tofu | 2 | 5 | Chloe Flavor p. 176 | This recipe is here to satisfy your orange sauce craving and your tofu stir fry craving, all in one go.  The sauce does not disappoint.  Tip: Throw in a chopped head of broccoli after the green onions to add some more veggies.  | Rice |
| A | Restaurant Style Eggplant Tofu | 4 | 6 | [This Repo](https://github.com/multiplemonomials/Recipes/blob/master/Main%20Courses/Restaurant%20Style%20Eggplant%20Tofu.md) | Have you ever wondered how to make tofu the way it's served in Thai and Chinese restauraunts, with a golden skin on each piece?  This recipe will teach you!  I created this dish because I found one recipe for delicious fried tofu, and another for delicious sauteed eggplant, and thought, wouldn't these go just great together? | Rice |
| A | Beefy Asparagus Stir Fry | 3-4 | 5 | Isa Does It p. 172 | I thought I'd seen all the ways to cook seitan, but this recipe showed me a new one.  For this one, you slice it thin and serve it in a minty, tangy sauce with sauted asparagus and toasted cashews.  I would not skip the toasted cashews for this one, adding them to the stir fry gives it that extra special restaurant stir fry flavor. | Seitan and rice
| A | Seitan and Broccoli BBQ Stir Fry | 4 | 5 |Isa Does It p. 185 | I have to admit, I'm basically a sucker for anything with peanut butter, and a recipe that works peanut butter into a barbeque sauce... well that was guaranteed to suck me in.  This stir fry is one of the creamiest and smokiest I've ever made -- it's like barbequeued (fake) meat and a traditional stir fry combined into one!  Tip: Saute the seitan first on its own to get it nice and crunchy.  Then proceed with the recipe as written, just continue immediately after adding the seitan. | Seitan and rice. |

## Soups and Stews

I think that soups are underused and underappreciated in our day and age.  It's rare for me to see soup served in restaurants, apart from places like school and work cafeterias that are just trying to be good enough to feed everyone.  In fact, you could argue that soup, in America, has a connotation of being an old-fashioned and/or lower-class food.  But so what!  Soup, made correctly, is delicious, and you could hardly ask for an easier dish to prepare in large quantities.  So long as you plan out enough time (usually in the 45-90 minute range) for the soup to finish cooking on the stove, you can get it set up then chill out while it simmers to completion.  And while a soup might seem less filling per bite than other types of food, I think you'll find that you will still feel quite full after making any of these recipes!

Plus, soup is unmatched for keeping well in the refrigerator -- since everything is soggy anyway, it doesn't get any soggier when you chill and reheat it!  The only exception is ramen-type soups, where you generally will want to make the noodles to order.  For ramen soups, the noodles can generally be replaced with soba noodles (made with buckwheat) as a gluten-free option.

| Rank | Name | Servings Made (single batch) | Amount of Work | Source | Description | Dependencies/Sides |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| S | Rogan Josh | 5-6 | 6 (not incl. seitan) | Fake Meat p. 121 | Not to be confused with a certain controversial podcaster, Rogan Josh is an extremely flavorful Indian-style curry with meaty seitan pieces and a cool and delicious coconut cucumber sauce on top. | Basmati rice and seitan |
| A | Smoky Incan Stew | 6 | 4 | Isa Does It p. 165 | A smoky stew chock full of Mexican flavors like corn, quinoa, and chipotle peppers.  Don't be fooled by how easy it is to make, you will have people begging for more! Tip: Might want to reduce the amount of spice, and serve with fake sour cream! | |
| A | Vegan Miso Ramen | 2 | 3 | [This Repo](https://github.com/multiplemonomials/Recipes/blob/master/Main%20Courses/Vegan%20Miso%20Ramen.md) | Flavorful miso and noodle base which you can customize with all sorts of toppings.  Recipe based on a top scorer on cookpad (Japanese allrecipes). | |
| A | Easy Tortilla Soup | 3 | 3 | Happy Herbivore p. 68 | Considering how easy this recipe is to make, it really surprised me.  You literally just chop and saute an onion, add a bunch of canned stuff and spices to a pot, and simmer and blend for a bit.  And yet... it's good.  Really good.  I think the trick is that you mix corn tortillas right into the soup, lending it a delicious tortilla-y flavor.  It is not fancy, but it is really tasty. | |
| A | CPK Dakota Smashed Pea and Barley Soup | 4 | Very well! | [Top Secret Recipes](https://topsecretrecipes.com/california-pizza-kitchen-dakota-smashed-pea-and-barley-soup-copycat-recipe.html) | I grew up eating this since it's the only vegan option at a certain Californian restaurant chain.  While ultimately a bit plain, it is a solid, hearty flavor which should pair well with most meals (plus it's surprisingly filling!).  Tip: Use No-Chicken Broth instead of vegetable broth. | |
| A | Smoky Tomato Lentil Soup with Spinach and Olives | 5-6 | 5 | I Can Cook Vegan p. 134 | This soup surprised me!  Despite the fact that it's quite simple and doesn't contain any fake meat or cream, it's hearty and filling, not to mention delicious.  Savory kalamata olives and smoky paprika take its flavor a level above your standard vegetable soup. | |
| A | Creamy Chickpea Bow Tie Soup | 5-6 | 4 | I Can Cook Vegan p. 140 | This soup is a favorite of mine at events, because it's very easy to make a double or triple batch in a big pot.  Despite the name, it's predominantly a thyme soup, as thyme, cream, and fake chicken broth are the main flavors you'll be tasting when you eat it.  And even though there's no meat or meat substitutes here, the cashew cream and chickpeas make sure you'll walk away satisfied. | |


## Pastas and Casseroles

Pasta is a family favorite not just because it's delicious, and because it can be made in so many ways, but also because it's easy to prepare in bulk.  Most of the effort in any pasta dish will go into the sauce, and you generally won't need to spend that much time chopping veggies or stir frying.  If you can just get the sauce right, you're golden!  Additionally, most pasta dishes will keep well for several days in the fridge, with no extra steps needed.

For those who have only heard the term "casserole" from 80s TV shows and comics (that was me a few years ago), you could be forgiven for thinking that they're little more than a punchline to old jokes.  But actually, a casserole is just pasta baked in a big dish in the oven -- no more, no less.  They are great for events because you can prepare everything ahead of time in one dish, then whack it in the oven and take it out an hour later ready to eat.  Not to mention, it will stay warm in the casserole dish for hours, so it's great for taking to picnics or parties.  If you stick to the casserole recipes in this list, you should be able to avoid becoming a punchline

Also note that most pasta dishes can be made whole-wheat with no change to the flavor by subbing in whole wheat pasta, and there are some gluten-free pasta options as well (though I have heard mixed things about these).

| Rank | Name | Servings Made (single batch) | Amount of Work | Source | Description | Dependencies/Sides |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| S | Penne Vodka | 6 | 4 | I Can Cook Vegan p. 44 | Creamy pasta dish with delicious chunks of basil and garlic mixed in.  The cashew cream makes it soooo filling. Add ground-up, stir-fried impossible meat to the sauce for extra fillingness. | |
| A | Cajun Casserole | 6 | 4 | The Cajun Vegan Cookbook p. 93 | Pasta, veggies, and fake meat and cheese in a sauce full of Cajun flavors.  Rich and delicious, my friends always ask me to make this one again.  Tip: Add more salt, the recipe is a bit skimpy on it. |
| A | Fettucine Alfredo with Bacon Bits | 3 | 4 | Happy Herbivore p. 163, p. 137 | Another easy and light recipe out of Happy Herbivore.  Blended silken tofu adds plenty of creaminess, and the sauce is nicely complemented by generous amounts of fake bacon bits and peas. | |
| A | Fiesta Mac & Cheese | 6 | 4 | Chloe Flavor p.155 | Despite how much I love vegan cooking, I admit that it's probably impossible to create vegan mac & cheese that tastes quite like real mac & cheese.  But, what us vegans _can_ do is create a mac & cheese that stands on its own as a tasty recipe, rather than trying to perfectly imitate the original.  That's what this recipe is -- it takes a solid cashew cheese base and adds other ingredients, like jalapeno peppers, tomatoes, and kidney beans, to add even more depth to the flavor.  Tip: throw in a teaspoon of red miso and/or apple cider vinegar for an even cheddarier taste. | |


## Sandwiches

Generally speaking, there are two kinds of sandwiches: ones where you have to carefully layer piece after piece in a delicate stack, and ones where you just slop some filling between two slices of bread and eat.  Given my preference for easy food, you can probably guess which kinda I hew towards.  However, labor intensive sandwhiches can often be the best tasting, so I will definitely give those recipes a shot as well!

The only trouble with sandwhiches is that they don't make good take-to-work lunches, because you will generally have to store the bread separately and then assemble it with the fillings when you want to make the sandwich.  So, unless your break room has a toaster and a cutting board, make sure to plan accordingly!

| Rank | Name | Servings Made (single batch) | Amount of Work | Source | Description | Dependencies/Sides |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| S | Bacon Lover's Tempeh BLT | 4 | 6 | Chloe Flavor p. 108 | The best vegan BLT (TLT?) I've had -- this recipe involves marinading tempeh slices in a sweet and spicy bacon-esque marinade, then pan frying them until they're crunchy.  Would recommend doubling the amount of tempeh but keeping a similar amount of marinade. | Aoli, which one can do without. |
| A | Autumn Seitan Salad Sandwich | 3-4 | 4 | I Can Cook Vegan p. 102 | Imagine taking a savory seitan stir fry, slathering it in mayonnaise and cranberries, and putting it between two slices of bread.  That's basically what this recipe is, and I love it so much. | Seitan |


## Other

This section is for main courses which don't fit into the other categories.

| Rank | Name | Servings Made (single batch) | Amount of Work | Source | Description | Dependencies/Sides |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| A | Beer Battered Tofu Vegan Taco Night | 5 | 7 | [This Repo](https://github.com/multiplemonomials/Recipes/blob/master/Main%20Courses/Beer%20Battered%20Tofu%20Taco%20Night.md) | Vegan tacos or taco salads bursting with flavor from homemade beans, homemade spanish rice, tangy battered tofu, and guac. | |

# Appetizers

This section is for recipes which aren't really intended to be one's main course at a meal, but are great for parties/events where people are going to be nibbling.

| Rank | Name | Servings Made (single batch) | Amount of Work | Source | Description | Dependencies/Sides |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| A | Tempeh Larb | 3 | 5 | Fake Meat p. 153 | Larb is a Thai dish which consists of a very flavorful tangy, sweet, and slightly fishy filling wrapped in crunchy lettuce leaves.  Isa's version uses crumbled tempeh and powdered rice for a very interesting texture.  Warning: You do need some odd ingredients for this one (kelp powder and glutinous rice) | |

Commit message:

Add cashew nut tofu, add some more recipes to tier list

Recipe List.md, after:

# Jamie's Mega Vegan Recipe List

This page will list out the vegan recipes I've made that I recommend other people to try.  They are grouped into categories, and recipes in each category will be ranked according to both how great they taste *and* how easy they are to make.  Because it's not that I'm not willing to put effort into a recipe, but I also cook after work each day and I expect to end up with a couple servings of food each time I cook, so I don't want to waste effort!

##  Rankings

| Rank | Description |
|---|---|
| S | Recipes that transcend the realm of mortal flavor and transport you to a new dimension of fabulous taste.  Guaranteed to impress absolutely anyone. Additionally, these recipes should produce good amount of food for the time you put in.  |
| A | Recipes that are at least as good as a good restaurant.  Should impress just about anyone. |
| B | Recipes that are quite tasty and which most people should like. |
| C | Recipes which might be worth making once or twice, but didn't seem worth the effort to me and may only exist to replicate a non-vegan flavor or food. |

## Work Amounts
Using a 1-10 scale for work amounts.
- 1 means you reheat it and eat it
- 2 would be equivalent to packaged (non instant) ramen, where you boil noodles and chop up some toppings and you can be done in under 15 min.
- 5 would be something like standard stir fry or pasta, where you have to chop up some veggies and cook for an hour or so
- 8 would be something which requires making pre-recipes, managing multiple dishes at the same time, doing pastry crusts, etc.

## Servings Made
For this I will assume that the recipe is the *only* thing one is eating for a given meal, i.e. no side dishes.  This generally means my serving counts can be lower than what's printed in the cookbooks.

Note that generally doubling a recipe will increase the amount of work by around 0.5 to 1 level (since the cooking process is generally the same, you just have to chip more ingredients).

# Main Courses
## Stir Fries
I love stir fries -- they can generally be made in one pan just by adding the correct stuff in the correct order, and it's hard not to end up with something that tastes good.  The only hard part is building up your sense for how hot the pan is and how long each thing will need to cook for.  Note: For most stir fries, they will keep fine for several days in the fridge, just make sure to separate the rice with paper or a multi-compartment container.

Note that many of these stir fries use seitan as a meat substitute.  You can usually buy seitan from the store, but I recommend making it yourself if you need it in any quantities -- you'll save money and it will taste better!  Plus, if your store *doesn't* stock seitan or the prerequisite ingredients, homemade seitan uses almost entirely dry ingredients, so you can just order vital wheat gluten and the other things online no matter where you live!

| Rank | Name | Servings Made (single batch) | Amount of Work | Source | Description | Dependencies/Sides |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| S | Impossible Meat Lomo Saltado | 3 | 6 | Impossible, The Cookbook p. 101 | Savory dish which combines Asian flavors (soy sauce, rice) and Mexican elements (yellow chili paste, tomatoes, cilantro). | |
| S | Tahini Chipotle Hash Browns | 3 | 4 | Isa Does It p. 249 | Savory, spicy potatoes plus vegan sausage with an INCREDIBLY flavorful tahini miso sauce on top.  What's not to love?  (warning: make sure to decrease spice level in original recipe if you are not good with spice.  I use 1/2 the amount or less of peppers.) | |
| S | Seitan Broccoli Stir-Fry with Spicy Cashew Dressing | 2-3 | 5 (not incl. seitan) | Chloe Flavor p. 184 | This is one of the most simple & amazing seitan recipes I've ever made and is a genuine family favorite.  It uses not one but _two_ sauces - a thin, savory sauce applied directly to the seitan, and a spicy, creamy, tangy cashew sauce topping each dish.  All of this is on top of pan-fried, crispy seitan, rice, and broccoli.  I think every single person I've made this for has said it's an instant favorite.  Tip: Pan-fry the seitan first on its own for maximum crunchiness.  Tip: The cashew sauce recipe makes enough for a double batch of the stir fry. | Seitan |
| S | Isa's Everyday Pad Thai | 4-5 | 5 | Isa Does It p. 179 | This recipe is a bona fide family favorite -- my mom has literally been making it since I was a kid, and I have loved it every single time.  It isn't terribly fancy, but it hits all the notes that a Pad Thai should, with rice noodles soaking up tangy, sweet sauce and crunchy peanuts and bean sprouts on top.  Tip: Add a tablespoon or two of peanut butter to the sauce to make it even creamier. | |
| S | Panang Curry | 5 | 5 | Chloe Flavor p. 183 | As good as any restaurant curry I've had -- it turns out that peanut butter, curry powder, and coconut milk make a pretty unbeatable combination when used together in a curry, and sweet potatoes, onions, and chickpeas don't disappoint in the veggie department.  Tip: I love to add a red bell pepper in with the veggies, and throw in sauted tofu at the end. | Rice |
| S | Cajun Jambalaya | 3 | 4 | The Cajun Vegan Cookbook p. 109 | Imagine a rice pilaf, with parboiled rice and veggies.  Then make it even better, with spicy mayo sauce, fresh celery, onion, and pepper, and sauteed vegan sausages.  This is EXTREMELY easy to double/triple/quadruple when feeding lots of people. | Cali-Cajun Sauce (aka spicy mayo), Cajun Seasoning |
| A | Pad Ka-Prao | 3 | 4 | Impossible, The Cookbook p. 80 | Imagine a sort of impossible meat burger filling absolutely bursting with licorice-y thai basil flavor, served on top of rice.  That's this in a nutshell. | Rice |
| A | Indonesian Steamed Rice (Nasi Goreng) with Tofu | 4-5 | 5 | [This Repo](https://github.com/multiplemonomials/Recipes/blob/master/Main%20Courses/Nasi%20Goreng%20-%20Indonesian%20Steamed%20Rice%20with%20Tofu.md) | Sometimes you just want something light and easy on the stomach, with no spiciness and no strong flavors.  This mellow veggie stir fry manages to still be delicious while only containing gentle turmeric, sumac, and pepper flavors. | |
| A | Isa's Cast Iron Stir Fry | 3-4 | 5 | Isa Does It p. 30 | This recipe is a stir fry that typifies what I like about stir fries.  You mostly taste the veggies and rice, but they are accented by a sweet hoisin-based sauce and complimented by peanuts and avocado on top. Note: Avocado will not keep after being cut up, and has to be cut to order. | |
| A | General Tso's Tofu | 2 | 5 | Chloe Flavor p. 176 | This recipe is here to satisfy your orange sauce craving and your tofu stir fry craving, all in one go.  The sauce does not disappoint.  Tip: Throw in a chopped head of broccoli after the green onions to add some more veggies.  | Rice |
| A | Restaurant Style Eggplant Tofu | 4 | 6 | [This Repo](https://github.com/multiplemonomials/Recipes/blob/master/Main%20Courses/Restaurant%20Style%20Eggplant%20Tofu.md) | Have you ever wondered how to make tofu the way it's served in Thai and Chinese restauraunts, with a golden skin on each piece?  This recipe will teach you!  I created this dish because I found one recipe for delicious fried tofu, and another for delicious sauteed eggplant, and thought, wouldn't these go just great together? | Rice |
| A | Beefy Asparagus Stir Fry | 3-4 | 5 | Isa Does It p. 172 | I thought I'd seen all the ways to cook seitan, but this recipe showed me a new one.  For this one, you slice it thin and serve it in a minty, tangy sauce with sauted asparagus and toasted cashews.  I would not skip the toasted cashews for this one, adding them to the stir fry gives it that extra special restaurant stir fry flavor. | Seitan and rice
| A | Seitan and Broccoli BBQ Stir Fry | 4 | 5 |Isa Does It p. 185 | I have to admit, I'm basically a sucker for anything with peanut butter, and a recipe that works peanut butter into a barbeque sauce... well that was guaranteed to suck me in.  This stir fry is one of the creamiest and smokiest I've ever made -- it's like barbequeued (fake) meat and a traditional stir fry combined into one!  Tip: Saute the seitan first on its own to get it nice and crunchy.  Then proceed with the recipe as written, just continue immediately after adding the seitan. | Seitan and rice. |
| A | Ginger Sesame Soy Curls | 3-4 | 4 | Practically Vegan p. 158 | I've always thought of toasted sesame oil as a dangerous ingredient.  It has such a strong flavor that it can easily overpower the other tastes in a dish, and I don't think I've ever used more than a teaspoon at a time -- until this recipe, which uses... 1.5tbsp?!?  And yet, it really works, because the sesame oil is counterbalanced by strong sweet and savory flavors from soy sauce, maple syrup, and rice vinegar.  This recipe successfully emulated the delicious glazed sesame tofu I've had at restaurants before, and solidly earned a place on my list.  Tip: Serve with rice and steamed broccoli to make more of a complete meal! | Rice, steamed broccoli

## Soups and Stews

I think that soups are underused and underappreciated in our day and age.  It's rare for me to see soup served in restaurants, apart from places like school and work cafeterias that are just trying to be good enough to feed everyone.  In fact, you could argue that soup, in America, has a connotation of being an old-fashioned and/or lower-class food.  But so what!  Soup, made correctly, is delicious, and you could hardly ask for an easier dish to prepare in large quantities.  So long as you plan out enough time (usually in the 45-90 minute range) for the soup to finish cooking on the stove, you can get it set up then chill out while it simmers to completion.  And while a soup might seem less filling per bite than other types of food, I think you'll find that you will still feel quite full after making any of these recipes!

Plus, soup is unmatched for keeping well in the refrigerator -- since everything is soggy anyway, it doesn't get any soggier when you chill and reheat it!  The only exception is ramen-type soups, where you generally will want to make the noodles to order.  For ramen soups, the noodles can generally be replaced with soba noodles (made with buckwheat) as a gluten-free option.

| Rank | Name | Servings Made (single batch) | Amount of Work | Source | Description | Dependencies/Sides |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| S | Rogan Josh | 5-6 | 6 (not incl. seitan) | Fake Meat p. 121 | Not to be confused with a certain controversial podcaster, Rogan Josh is an extremely flavorful Indian-style curry with meaty seitan pieces and a cool and delicious coconut cucumber sauce on top. | Basmati rice and seitan |
| A | Smoky Incan Stew | 6 | 4 | Isa Does It p. 165 | A smoky stew chock full of Mexican flavors like corn, quinoa, and chipotle peppers.  Don't be fooled by how easy it is to make, you will have people begging for more! Tip: Might want to reduce the amount of spice, and serve with fake sour cream! | |
| A | Vegan Miso Ramen | 2 | 3 | [This Repo](https://github.com/multiplemonomials/Recipes/blob/master/Main%20Courses/Vegan%20Miso%20Ramen.md) | Flavorful miso and noodle base which you can customize with all sorts of toppings.  Recipe based on a top scorer on cookpad (Japanese allrecipes). | |
| A | Easy Tortilla Soup | 3 | 3 | Happy Herbivore p. 68 | Considering how easy this recipe is to make, it really surprised me.  You literally just chop and saute an onion, add a bunch of canned stuff and spices to a pot, and simmer and blend for a bit.  And yet... it's good.  Really good.  I think the trick is that you mix corn tortillas right into the soup, lending it a delicious tortilla-y flavor.  It is not fancy, but it is really tasty. | |
| A | CPK Dakota Smashed Pea and Barley Soup | 4 | Very well! | [Top Secret Recipes](https://topsecretrecipes.com/california-pizza-kitchen-dakota-smashed-pea-and-barley-soup-copycat-recipe.html) | I grew up eating this since it's the only vegan option at a certain Californian restaurant chain.  While ultimately a bit plain, it is a solid, hearty flavor which should pair well with most meals (plus it's surprisingly filling!).  Tip: Use No-Chicken Broth instead of vegetable broth. | |
| A | Smoky Tomato Lentil Soup with Spinach and Olives | 5-6 | 5 | I Can Cook Vegan p. 134 | This soup surprised me!  Despite the fact that it's quite simple and doesn't contain any fake meat or cream, it's hearty and filling, not to mention delicious.  Savory kalamata olives and smoky paprika take its flavor a level above your standard vegetable soup. | |
| A | Creamy Chickpea Bow Tie Soup | 5-6 | 4 | I Can Cook Vegan p. 140 | This soup is a favorite of mine at events, because it's very easy to make a double or triple batch in a big pot.  Despite the name, it's predominantly a thyme soup, as thyme, cream, and fake chicken broth are the main flavors you'll be tasting when you eat it.  And even though there's no meat or meat substitutes here, the cashew cream and chickpeas make sure you'll walk away satisfied. | |


## Pastas and Casseroles

Pasta is a family favorite not just because it's delicious, and because it can be made in so many ways, but also because it's easy to prepare in bulk.  Most of the effort in any pasta dish will go into the sauce, and you generally won't need to spend that much time chopping veggies or stir frying.  If you can just get the sauce right, you're golden!  Additionally, most pasta dishes will keep well for several days in the fridge, with no extra steps needed.

For those who have only heard the term "casserole" from 80s TV shows and comics (that was me a few years ago), you could be forgiven for thinking that they're little more than a punchline to old jokes.  But actually, a casserole is just pasta baked in a big dish in the oven -- no more, no less.  They are great for events because you can prepare everything ahead of time in one dish, then whack it in the oven and take it out an hour later ready to eat.  Not to mention, it will stay warm in the casserole dish for hours, so it's great for taking to picnics or parties.  If you stick to the casserole recipes in this list, you should be able to avoid becoming a punchline

Also note that most pasta dishes can be made whole-wheat with no change to the flavor by subbing in whole wheat pasta, and there are some gluten-free pasta options as well (though I have heard mixed things about these).

| Rank | Name | Servings Made (single batch) | Amount of Work | Source | Description | Dependencies/Sides |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| S | Penne Vodka | 6 | 4 | I Can Cook Vegan p. 44 | Creamy pasta dish with delicious chunks of basil and garlic mixed in.  The cashew cream makes it soooo filling. Add ground-up, stir-fried impossible meat to the sauce for extra fillingness. | |
| A | Cajun Casserole | 6 | 4 | The Cajun Vegan Cookbook p. 93 | Pasta, veggies, and fake meat and cheese in a sauce full of Cajun flavors.  Rich and delicious, my friends always ask me to make this one again.  Tip: Add more salt, the recipe is a bit skimpy on it. |
| A | Fettucine Alfredo with Bacon Bits | 3 | 4 | Happy Herbivore p. 163, p. 137 | Another easy and light recipe out of Happy Herbivore.  Blended silken tofu adds plenty of creaminess, and the sauce is nicely complemented by generous amounts of fake bacon bits and peas. | |
| A | Fiesta Mac & Cheese | 6 | 4 | Chloe Flavor p.155 | Despite how much I love vegan cooking, I admit that it's probably impossible to create vegan mac & cheese that tastes quite like real mac & cheese.  But, what us vegans _can_ do is create a mac & cheese that stands on its own as a tasty recipe, rather than trying to perfectly imitate the original.  That's what this recipe is -- it takes a solid cashew cheese base and adds other ingredients, like jalapeno peppers, tomatoes, and kidney beans, to add even more depth to the flavor.  Tip: throw in a teaspoon of red miso and/or apple cider vinegar for an even cheddarier taste. | |


## Sandwiches

Generally speaking, there are two kinds of sandwiches: ones where you have to carefully layer piece after piece in a delicate stack, and ones where you just slop some filling between two slices of bread and eat.  Given my preference for easy food, you can probably guess which kinda I hew towards.  However, labor intensive sandwhiches can often be the best tasting, so I will definitely give those recipes a shot as well!

The only trouble with sandwhiches is that they don't make good take-to-work lunches, because you will generally have to store the bread separately and then assemble it with the fillings when you want to make the sandwich.  So, unless your break room has a toaster and a cutting board, make sure to plan accordingly!

| Rank | Name | Servings Made (single batch) | Amount of Work | Source | Description | Dependencies/Sides |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| S | Bacon Lover's Tempeh BLT | 4 | 6 | Chloe Flavor p. 108 | The best vegan BLT (TLT?) I've had -- this recipe involves marinading tempeh slices in a sweet and spicy bacon-esque marinade, then pan frying them until they're crunchy.  Would recommend doubling the amount of tempeh but keeping a similar amount of marinade. | Aoli, which one can do without. |
| A | Autumn Seitan Salad Sandwich | 3-4 | 4 | I Can Cook Vegan p. 102 | Imagine taking a savory seitan stir fry, slathering it in mayonnaise and cranberries, and putting it between two slices of bread.  That's basically what this recipe is, and I love it so much. | Seitan |
| A- | Sloppy Chlo's | 6 | 4 | Chloe Flavor p.129 | This sandwich is easy, but tasty.  Basically, you stir-fry veggies and mushrooms, then add tomato sauce, spices, and lentils to create a thick, flavorful Sloppy Joe-style filling.  Tip: Serve with lots of fake mayo on top!  Note: If you have a food processor, you could probably use it to make large batches of this very efficiently, since you just need to dice all the veggies into small pieces. | |

## Other

This section is for main courses which don't fit into the other categories.

| Rank | Name | Servings Made (single batch) | Amount of Work | Source | Description | Dependencies/Sides |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| A | Beer Battered Tofu Vegan Taco Night | 5 | 7 | [This Repo](https://github.com/multiplemonomials/Recipes/blob/master/Main%20Courses/Beer%20Battered%20Tofu%20Taco%20Night.md) | Vegan tacos or taco salads bursting with flavor from homemade beans, homemade spanish rice, tangy battered tofu, and guac. | |

# Appetizers

This section is for recipes which aren't really intended to be one's main course at a meal, but are great for parties/events where people are going to be nibbling.

| Rank | Name | Servings Made (single batch) | Amount of Work | Source | Description | Dependencies/Sides |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| A | Tempeh Larb | 3 | 5 | Fake Meat p. 153 | Larb is a Thai dish which consists of a very flavorful tangy, sweet, and slightly fishy filling wrapped in crunchy lettuce leaves.  Isa's version uses crumbled tempeh and powdered rice for a very interesting texture.  Warning: You do need some odd ingredients for this one (kelp powder and glutinous rice) | |
