Tier List.md, before:

# Jamie's Mega Vegan Recipe Tier List

## The Tiers

| Tier | Description |
|---|---|
| S | Recipes that transcend the realm of mortal flavor and transport you to a new dimension of fabulous taste.  Guaranteed to impress absolutely anyone. |
| A | Recipes that are at least as good as a good restaurant.  Should impress just about anyone. |
| B | Recipes that are quite tasty and which most people should like. |
| C | Recipes which might be worth making once or twice, but didn't fully appeal to me and may only exist to replicate a non-vegan flavor or food. |

## Work Amounts
Using a 1-10 scale for work amounts.
- 1 means you reheat it and eat it
- 2 would be equivalent to packaged (non instant) ramen, where you boil noodles and chop up some toppings and you can be done in under 15 min.
- 5 would be something like standard stir fry or pasta, where you have to chop up some veggies and cook for an hour or so
- 8 would be something which requires making pre-recipes, managing multiple dishes at the same time, doing pastry crusts, etc.

## Servings Made
For this I will assume that the recipe is the *only* thing one is eating for a given mean, i.e. no side dishes.  This generally means my serving counts can be lower than what's printed in the cookbooks.

# Main Courses
## S Tier
| Name | Servings Made (single batch) | Amount of Work | How well does it keep in fridge? | Source | Description | Dependencies/Sides |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| Penne Vodka | 6 | 4 | Well | I Can Cook Vegan p. 44 | Creamy pasta dish with delicious chunks of basil and garlic mixed in.  The cashew cream makes it soooo filling. | |
| Impossible Meat Lomo Saltado | 3 | 6 | Decent, as long as you keep the rice separate | Impossible, The Cookbook p. 101 | Savory dish which combines Asian flavors (soy sauce, rice) and Mexican elements (yellow chili paste, tomatoes, cilantro). | |
| Tahini Chipotle Hash Browns | 3 | 4 | Well | Isa Does It p. 249 | Savory, spicy potatoes plus vegan sausage with an INCREDIBLY flavorful tahini miso sauce on top.  What's not to love?  (warning: make sure to decrease spice level in original recipe if you are not good with spice.  I use 1/2 the amount or less.)| |
| Beer Battered Tofu Vegan Taco Night | 5 | 7 | Well, as long as chips/taco shells are stored separately | [This Repo](https://github.com/multiplemonomials/Recipes/blob/master/Main%20Courses/Beer%20Battered%20Tofu%20Taco%20Night.md) | Vegan tacos or taco salads bursting with flavor from fresh beans, spanish rice, tangy battered tofu, and guac. | |
| Cajun Jambalaya | 3 | 5 | Very well | The Cajun Vegan Cookbook p. 109 | Imagine a rice pilaf, with parboiled rice and veggies.  Then make it even better, with spicy mayo sauce, fresh veggies, and sauteed vegan sausages.  This is EXTREMELY easy to double/triple/quadruple when feeding lots of people. | Cali-Cajun Sauce (aka spicy mayo), Cajun Seasoning |

## A Tier
| Name | Servings Made (single batch) | Amount of Work | How well does it keep in fridge? | Source | Description | Dependencies/Sides |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| Vegan Miso Ramen | 2 | 3 | Broth will keep but you will want to make the noodles "to order" | [This Repo](https://github.com/multiplemonomials/Recipes/blob/master/Main%20Courses/Vegan%20Miso%20Ramen.md) | Flavorful miso and noodle base which you can customize with all sorts of toppings.  Recipe based on a top scorer on cookpad (Japanese allrecipes) | |
| Pad Ka-Prao | 3 | 4 | Decent, as long as you keep the rice separate | Impossible, The Cookbook p. 80 | Imagine a sort of impossible meat burger filling absolutely bursting with licorice-y thai basil flavor, served on top of rice.  That's this in a nutshell. | Rice |
| Indonesian Steamed Rice (Nasi Goreng) with Tofu | 4-5 | 5 | Okay, but the tofu will get soggy if not eaten immediately | [This Repo](https://github.com/multiplemonomials/Recipes/blob/master/Main%20Courses/Nasi%20Goreng%20-%20Indonesian%20Steamed%20Rice%20with%20Tofu.md) | Sometimes you just want something light and easy on the stomach, with no spiciness and no strong flavors.  This mellow veggie stir fry manages to still be delicious while only containing gentle turmeric, sumac, and pepper flavors. | |

## B Tier

Commit message:

Add stroganoff recipe, more to tier list

Tier List.md, after:

# Jamie's Mega Vegan Recipe Tier List

## The Tiers

| Tier | Description |
|---|---|
| S | Recipes that transcend the realm of mortal flavor and transport you to a new dimension of fabulous taste.  Guaranteed to impress absolutely anyone. |
| A | Recipes that are at least as good as a good restaurant.  Should impress just about anyone. |
| B | Recipes that are quite tasty and which most people should like. |
| C | Recipes which might be worth making once or twice, but didn't fully appeal to me and may only exist to replicate a non-vegan flavor or food. |

## Work Amounts
Using a 1-10 scale for work amounts.
- 1 means you reheat it and eat it
- 2 would be equivalent to packaged (non instant) ramen, where you boil noodles and chop up some toppings and you can be done in under 15 min.
- 5 would be something like standard stir fry or pasta, where you have to chop up some veggies and cook for an hour or so
- 8 would be something which requires making pre-recipes, managing multiple dishes at the same time, doing pastry crusts, etc.

## Servings Made
For this I will assume that the recipe is the *only* thing one is eating for a given mean, i.e. no side dishes.  This generally means my serving counts can be lower than what's printed in the cookbooks.

Note that generally doubling a recipe will increase the amount of work by around 0.5 to 1 level (since the cooking process is generally the same, you just have to chip more ingredients).

# Main Courses
## S Tier
| Name | Servings Made (single batch) | Amount of Work | How well does it keep in fridge? | Source | Description | Dependencies/Sides |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| Penne Vodka | 6 | 4 | Well | I Can Cook Vegan p. 44 | Creamy pasta dish with delicious chunks of basil and garlic mixed in.  The cashew cream makes it soooo filling. Add impossible meat for extra fillingness. | |
| Impossible Meat Lomo Saltado | 3 | 6 | Decent, as long as you keep the rice separate | Impossible, The Cookbook p. 101 | Savory dish which combines Asian flavors (soy sauce, rice) and Mexican elements (yellow chili paste, tomatoes, cilantro). | |
| Tahini Chipotle Hash Browns | 3 | 4 | Well | Isa Does It p. 249 | Savory, spicy potatoes plus vegan sausage with an INCREDIBLY flavorful tahini miso sauce on top.  What's not to love?  (warning: make sure to decrease spice level in original recipe if you are not good with spice.  I use 1/2 the amount or less.)| |
| Beer Battered Tofu Vegan Taco Night | 5 | 7 | Well, as long as chips/taco shells are stored separately | [This Repo](https://github.com/multiplemonomials/Recipes/blob/master/Main%20Courses/Beer%20Battered%20Tofu%20Taco%20Night.md) | Vegan tacos or taco salads bursting with flavor from fresh beans, spanish rice, tangy battered tofu, and guac. | |
| Cajun Jambalaya | 3 | 4 | Very well | The Cajun Vegan Cookbook p. 109 | Imagine a rice pilaf, with parboiled rice and veggies.  Then make it even better, with spicy mayo sauce, fresh celery, onion, and pepper, and sauteed vegan sausages.  This is EXTREMELY easy to double/triple/quadruple when feeding lots of people. | Cali-Cajun Sauce (aka spicy mayo), Cajun Seasoning |
| Rogan Josh | 5-6 | 6 | Very well as long as you separate the rice | Fake Meat p. 121 | Not to be confused with a certain controversial podcaster, Rogan Josh is an extremely flavorful  Indian-style curry with meaty seitan pieces and a cool and delicious coconut cucumber sauce on top. | Basmati rice and seitan |
| Panang Curry | 5 | 5 | Very well!  Just keep the rice separate. | Chloe Flavor p. 183 | As good as any restaurant curry I've had -- it turns out that peanut butter, curry powder, and coconut milk make a pretty unbeatable combination when used together in a curry, and sweet potatoes, onions, and chickpeas don't disappoint in the veggie department.  Tip: I love to add a red bell pepper in with the veggies, and throw in sauted tofu at the end. | Rice |


## A Tier
| Name | Servings Made (single batch) | Amount of Work | How well does it keep in fridge? | Source | Description | Dependencies/Sides |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| Vegan Miso Ramen | 2 | 3 | Broth will keep but you will want to make the noodles "to order" | [This Repo](https://github.com/multiplemonomials/Recipes/blob/master/Main%20Courses/Vegan%20Miso%20Ramen.md) | Flavorful miso and noodle base which you can customize with all sorts of toppings.  Recipe based on a top scorer on cookpad (Japanese allrecipes) | |
| Pad Ka-Prao | 3 | 4 | Decent, as long as you keep the rice separate | Impossible, The Cookbook p. 80 | Imagine a sort of impossible meat burger filling absolutely bursting with licorice-y thai basil flavor, served on top of rice.  That's this in a nutshell. | Rice |
| Indonesian Steamed Rice (Nasi Goreng) with Tofu | 4-5 | 5 | Okay, but the tofu will get soggy if not eaten immediately | [This Repo](https://github.com/multiplemonomials/Recipes/blob/master/Main%20Courses/Nasi%20Goreng%20-%20Indonesian%20Steamed%20Rice%20with%20Tofu.md) | Sometimes you just want something light and easy on the stomach, with no spiciness and no strong flavors.  This mellow veggie stir fry manages to still be delicious while only containing gentle turmeric, sumac, and pepper flavors. | |
| Tempeh Larb | 3 | 5 | Fake Meat p. 153 | Larb is a Thai dish which consists of a very flavorful tangy, sweet, and slightly fishy filling wrapped in crunchy lettuce leaves.  Isa's version uses crumbled tempeh and powdered rice for a very interesting texture.  Warning: You do need some odd ingredients for this one (kelp powder and glutinous rice) | |
| Cajun Casserole | 6 | 4 | Pretty well! | The Cajun Vegan Cookbook p. 93 | Pasta, veggies, and fake meat and cheese in a sauce full of Cajun flavors.  Rich and delicious!  This one tends to be a hit at parties and is great for events b/c it will stay warm in the casserole dish for hours.  Tip: Add more salt, the recipe is a bit skimpy on it. |
| Bacon Lover's BLT | 4 | 5 | Sandwiches have to be made to order, though you can make the fake bacon in advance | Chloe Flavor p. 108 | The best vegan BLT (TLT?) I've had -- this recipe involves marinading tempeh slices in a sweet and spicy bacon-esque marinade, then pan frying them until they're just crunchy.  Would recommend doubling the amount of tempeh but keeping a similar amount of marinade. | Aoli, which one can do without. |
| Isa's Cast Iron Stir Fry | 3-4 | 5 | Decently as long as you separate the rice.  However the avocado will not keep and has to be cut to order. | Isa Does It p. 30 | This recipe is a stir fry that typifies what I like about stir fries.  You mostly taste the veggies and rice, but they are accented by a sweet hoisin-based sauce and complimented by peanuts and avocado on top. | |
| Smoky Incan Stew | 6 | 4 | Well! | Isa Does It p. 165 | A smoky stew chock full of Mexican flavors like corn, quinoa, and chipotle peppers.  Don't be fooled by how easy it is to make, you will have people begging for more! Tip: Might want to reduce the amount of spice, and serve with fake sour cream! | |
| General Tso's Tofu | 2 | 5 | Well, just separate the rice | Chloe Flavor p. 176 | This recipe is here to satisfy your orange sauce craving and your tofu stir fry craving, all in one go.  The sauce does not disappoint.  Tip: Throw in a chopped head of broccoli after the green onions to add some more veggies.  | Rice |

## B Tier
| Name | Servings Made (single batch) | Amount of Work | How well does it keep in fridge? | Source | Description | Dependencies/Sides |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| CPK Dakota Smashed Pea and Barley Soup | 4 | Very well! | [Top Secret Recipes](https://topsecretrecipes.com/california-pizza-kitchen-dakota-smashed-pea-and-barley-soup-copycat-recipe.html) | I grew up eating this since it's the only vegan option at a certain Californian restaurant chain.  While ultimately a bit plain, it is a solid, hearty flavor which should pair well with most meals (plus it's surprisingly filling!).  Tip: Use No-Chicken Broth instead of vegetable broth. | |
